course/source/index.rst, before:


.. youtube:: QQ0YYR2BhFk
    :width: 100% 
    :align: center 


In Swahili, Kujenga means to build. This course teaches how to use mathematical models and AI to build 
understanding of the world around us. But it also builds your own skills, by working on real world examples. 
Here you will learn how to establish statistical relationships between health and happiness; understand how to model 
disease outbreaks; test hypotheses about the fastest runners in the world; and how Google became so rich and powerful. 


The course takes six weeks to complete, assuming 6-8 hours of work per week, for a student at (or 
nearing the end) of an undergraduate degree in a quantitative subject, like 
computer science, physics, mathematics, economics, bioinformatics, engineering, or similar. Completing this 
course means that you are considered 'PhD ready' for the Doctoral School in Computational Thinking and AI. This doesn't mean we give you a place 
on the PhD Programme, but it does mean that you have built the skills to apply. 

We run this course in October every year. To participate you will need to find a study group. Local study groups are located 
in Nairobi, Lagos, Stellenbosch, Makarere, and Addis Ababa. If you are not near one of these locations, you can join an online 
study group. In either case, you need to fill in the `following form <https://forms.gle/>`_ to apply to join. 

Experience with programming is required, but we have added a section to get you started there too. 
Many of the examples include code in Python. We recommend you either download 
`Anaconda <https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution>`_ and run the code in `Spyder <https://www.spyder-ide.org>`_ (download .py files). 
or upload the Python Notebook (download .ipynb files) `Google Colab <https://colab.research.google.com>`_. 

Contents
========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Are healthier people happier people?

   gallery/lesson1/plot_howtobehappy

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Can we predict a disease outbreak?

   gallery/lesson2/plot_epidemic
   gallery/lesson2/plot_SEIR

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Are Ethiopian or Kenyan runners the fastest?

   gallery/lesson3/plot_runners

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: How did Google make billions of dollars?

   gallery/lesson4/plot_influencer

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Bias in machine learning

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Taking control of your life using data.

**This course was supported by the 
`Equal Opportunities Group at the Information Technology Department, Uppasala University <https://www2.it.uu.se/about_us/equality>`_
**

Commit message:

added project page and minor fixes for page two

course/source/index.rst, after:


.. youtube:: QQ0YYR2BhFk
    :width: 100% 
    :align: center 


In Swahili, Kujenga means to build. This course teaches how to use mathematical models and AI to build 
understanding of the world around us. But it also builds your own skills, by working on real world examples. 
Here you will learn how to establish statistical relationships between health and happiness; understand how to model 
disease outbreaks; test hypotheses about the fastest runners in the world; and how Google became so rich and powerful. 


The course takes six weeks to complete, assuming 6-8 hours of work per week, for a student at (or 
nearing the end) of an undergraduate degree in a quantitative subject, like 
computer science, physics, mathematics, economics, bioinformatics, engineering, or similar. Completing this 
course means that you are considered 'PhD ready' for the Doctoral School in Computational Thinking and AI. This doesn't mean we give you a place 
on the PhD Programme, but it does mean that you have built the skills to apply. 

We run this course in October every year. To participate you will need to find a study group. Local study groups are located 
in Nairobi, Kigali , Lagos, Stellenbosch, Makarere, and Addis Ababa. If you are not near one of these locations, you can join an online 
study group. In either case, you need to fill in the `following form <https://forms.gle/>`_ to apply to join. 

Experience with programming is required, but we have added a section to get you started there too. 
Many of the examples include code in Python. We recommend you either download 
`Anaconda <https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution>`_ and run the code in `Spyder <https://www.spyder-ide.org>`_ (download .py files). 
or upload the Python Notebook (download .ipynb files) `Google Colab <https://colab.research.google.com>`_. 

Contents
========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Are healthier people happier people?

   gallery/lesson1/plot_howtobehappy

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Can we predict a disease outbreak?

   gallery/lesson2/plot_epidemic
   gallery/lesson2/plot_SEIR

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Are Ethiopian or Kenyan runners the fastest?

   gallery/lesson3/plot_runners

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: How did Google make billions of dollars?

   gallery/lesson4/plot_influencer

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Bias in machine learning

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Taking control of your life using data.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Final Project
   
   gallery/finalproject/plot_finalproject
   

**This course was supported by the 
`Equal Opportunities Group at the Information Technology Department, Uppasala University <https://www2.it.uu.se/about_us/equality>`_
**
